NETFLIX PRESENTS
No relationship
is perfectly equal in the world.
When two people meet,
the power dynamic shifts
to one or the other.
No matter the intention.
Perhaps, deep down,
the instinctive desire
to dominate or submit to another person
is tough to weigh in our subconscious.
Isn't there at least one secret desire
waiting within your heart
that you can't admit to anyone?
- Mr. Jung Jihoo.
- Yes?
First day of your reassignment
and you're the first one in the office!
Hello.
Ah.
Sorry, Jiwoo. Please meet Jihoo.
Hello.
Mr. Yang may have left,
but Jung Jihoo,
the business teams' poster child,
is joining our PR team
in his place as assistant manager.
- I'm excited to be here.
- A round of applause!
So you're saying, Jung Jihoo. Jung Jiwoo?
Sounds very similar.
And with the same last name too?
This will be confusing.
Come on, it's easy.
They have different jobs. One's a girl.
Let's have a team dinner tonight.
As for the menu, which do you guys prefer?
The lamb or the lamb?
I'll take the lamb.
Manager Hwang, I like lamb too,
but the corporate card is maxed out.
Plus, we haven't really decided
on how to proceed regarding casting
the YouTuber that you talked about yet.
Listen...
It's not that we haven't decided,
I know it's because
you personally don't like that YouTuber.
Do you know how many subscribers he has?
We shouldn't have someone
who made homophobic comments
be associated
with our educational content.
I... I wouldn't say
what he said was homophobic.
It just made him uncomfortable, right?
How about this,
if he's someone
who might become a liability,
why don't we wait
and think it over a little more.
I mean, it is your decision that affects
the image of our channel.
See? Why can't you be more like him.
If you want to bring up something
that was already decided,
and sacrifice the energy and efficiency
of the group meeting,
at least... at least smile like him,
and be more polite about it.
Guys, it's not just your lovers
you should be cute for.
There he goes again.
Hold on.
Mr. Hwang, did you just say "cute"?
Um...
What I mean is
teamwork is important for this job.
So let's all just try
being nicer to each other, all right?
These talks are so difficult...
...because our team has women.
The PR team is different than I expected.
You'd be in trouble
if the business team heard.
But what trouble you mean?
Manager Hwang, don't you know?
That's considered sexual harassment.
He passed!
You see, I was just trying
to test his gender sensitivity.
He passed the test.
Okay, then.
Let's do this,
Mr. Jung and Jiwoo,
who is always on the ball,
they can work together to make a list
of potential people to cast.
Man, can't wait.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm. Let's have a farewell party.
- Just the four of us. It's on me.
- Wow, he has his own fan club.
So that's the face someone makes
when they know
everyone's obsessed with them, huh?
A guy like that
doesn't interest you, right?
He does.
Oh?
Oh.
How you settling in
at the PR team?
- Why is he staring?
- Sorry, I should go.
- See you later.
- For real? Staring?
- Well, here's Mr. Popular.
- Oh, no.
They're just my former colleagues
from the business team.
Um, Jiwoo?
Yes?
Good job saving us from that disaster
waiting to happen
if we hired that YouTuber.
I believe it's necessary for the PR team
to be sensitive and with the times.
- I appreciate it.
- I'm happy to be here.
I'll see you at the meeting later.
You say you're interested
but you don't want to show it at all.
It's not like I'll do anything about it.
What?
What do you mean by that?
And what is it that
you wouldn't do?
Nothing like that.
Sweetie,
if you want a boyfriend, use your eyes.
Smile a little.
You can always smile, but remember
to always keep the ball in your court.
And don't even think about
asking him out first.
Guys lose interest
if the girl's too forward.
Mom, all I said was that
I think he's kinda cute.
Come on, it's hard to find a cute guy.
You don't see many at work.
- Hmm?
- That's true.
But why can't I ask him out first?
This isn't like 1920 anymore.
Even in the year 2320,
it'll be the same, huh?
Guys have an instinct to hunt within them.
They have an inclination to dominate
after chasing and hunting their prey.
What am I, a rabbit or something?
- Hey, women went hunting too, you know!
- Hey, that face again?
Well, then hunt then.
Life is boring,
so just do something with it.
- Thank you.
- Sure.
Oh, that... that can't be.
I just got a text that
it was delivered yesterday.
Goodness.
Nothing came for the business team.
Sir, I... I transferred to the PR team.
PR team?
Yeah.
Oh, was that package
meant for you instead?
- Someone picked it up already.
- What?
Who took it?
Excuse me. Sorry.
Hmm?
Please!
Jiwoo, wait!
Whoa!
Ta-da!
It's my dog's collar.
You know,
collars are required by law nowadays.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I thought it came for me.
Mm-mm. This was bound to happen
sooner or later since our names are alike.
It's backwards.
Your dog's name is Miho?
Uh, yes!
Miho, isn't it a pretty name?
She's female.
Poodle. She's three.
Oh.
It seems, um, a
bit big for a poodle.
I guess you haven't seen my poodle.
Miho's neck is super thick.
It's like that.
- The leash.
- Oh, sure.
I'll throw this out for you.
Oh! I'll... I'll throw it out!
THE LARGEST SM ADULT SHOP IN THE COUNTRY
15% OFF FOR RE
-PURCHASES
Pa... Paper... Paper should be recycled.
I'll throw this away.
Why would you throw away a coupon?
You have, uh,
really good eyesight, huh?
- Enjoy.
What? A pervert?
It's the pervert!
You all right?
Here's water.
Well protect the school
from the pervert.
Doongi doongi, change!
- No worries. I'm fine.
- All right.
Let's see where
he's hiding!
One good thing
is that no one seems to know yet.
And that co-worker
isn't treating me any differently.
Maybe there's hope?
It's too soon to relax.
I've seen someone who was in
a similar situation at my old work place.
Eventually, word got out
and they asked him to resign.
Maybe that colleague's like us too.
I've seen posts about it in the past.
They met someone in real life
who happened to also be into BDSM.
There's more of us than we think.
Just look at us. No one who knows us
would ever think we're into it.
Jiwoo? Really?
Still,
it's too dangerous to tell her.
Avoid it at all costs.
Be careful.
Since you've found out...
I'm sorry,
but I don't even like wearing turtlenecks.
Hmm?
Jiwoo, what are you doing?
Don't just look. Go inside. Hmm.
Don't just leave.
Want me to buy you one?
- No, stop. Leave me alone.
- I'll buy you one.
- What should we eat for lunch?
- This color doesn't fit, right?
- I think the color has to be like this.
- It looks like he's wearing...
Excuse me,
Jiwoo isn't coming today, right?
She just went over
to check on the venue.
Manager Hwang totally screwed her over.
It would be good for her
to be more flexible.
I agree with that.
Han, did you move Doong-doong and Toy?
Yes, I picked up Toy from the supply room,
now as for Doong-doong, uh...
- I don't know.
- Where did he go? Huh?
Doong-doong!
Am I asking the intern
to do too much right now?
- I'll get it.
- No, I'll get it.
Don't worry about it.
Thank you.
Hello, Jiwoo.
Are you enjoying your weekend?
I'm writing because
I never got the chance to thank you...
Yes, sir. I just checked the venue,
and came in to check on the...
Oh!
Who are you?
Why are you wearing that?
Doong-doong. Doong-doong, doong!
- Is that Mr. Jung?
- No, no! It's not! It's not!
Wait! Oh! Mr. Jung!
- Are you okay?
- I'm okay.
No, don't lie to me.
You're not okay!
Wow.
Why are you acting so stupid?
I'm really sorry.
Okay, don't move.
Are you dizzy?
Doong-doong is, uh...
So I'm fine. Thank you.
Well, still, you just hit your head.
You need a doctor.
Let's go right now!
I'm okay.
Sorry you wasted your weekend
on me like this.
What'd you mean when you sent this?
I JUST WANT TO
SAY THANK YOU AND SORRY.
Well...
I wanted to thank you
for not telling anyone at work
about everything that you saw before.
Of course. It's none of my business.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for today too.
And I'm sorry as well.
Have a seat.
Okay.
Actually, I'm sorry too.
What?
I feel bad for startling you
and ordering you around back there.
The truth is,
I actually have a tendency
to be like that.
To be like what?
I've never done anything like that
at work before.
Maybe that colleague
is like us too.
I've seen posts about it in the past.
...but you don't have to avoid me.
It may look like I don't care
what others think
because of my tendencies,
- but I do...
- Jiwoo.
Thank you very much
for being so honest with me.
I'm so thankful and so relieved.
I was really worried
that you would think I'm a pervert,
but in reality, you're one of us.
Wow, this is so amazing!
It's like fate!
- I don't think you're a pervert.
- Exactly! Of course not.
The world is cruel for saying we are.
To be completely honest,
I kind of thought that
you might be into it too.
If it's too hard to hide it,
and if you don't mind that it's me,
you can do anything to me.
Do what?
Order me around, scream, anything!
Just think of me as your pet dog
and treat me like one.
It was fate that
we met each other at work.
Let's be open and honest
about our tendencies!
Oh.
What?
Ah...
When I said I had a tendency,
that... that wasn't really
what I meant at all.
What?
People always say
I'm so aloof and look intimidating,
so I have a bit of a complex.
That's what I meant.
Oh, I see.
That collar!
It wasn't meant for a woman.
You bought it for yourself?
Uh, that... that's not it.
BDSM.
Among the many types, there is DS,
which is
a dominant-submissive relationship.
Sit, Pippi.
And Sit.
Now down.
Roll over.
There you go.
Good job.
The person
who gives orders is the dominant.
On the other hand,
the person who obeys is the submissive.
Hey, what's with with her today?
She usually squints with her eyes
and pets the dogs.
She's been staring
at her phone nonstop all day.
Huh?
Often referred to
as Doms and Subs for short.
- Want a sub?
- A sub?
What? Why?
Well, I make a real mean sandwich.
Why are you so startled?
- Oh.
- Half off since you're a regular.
Ah.
Oh, I don't understand
a word you're saying.
Explain it to me,
so I don't think it's weird because I do.
Okay.
Imagine Woohyuk
secretly hates dogs.
What do you mean? He loves dogs.
He's more like a dog than actual dogs.
But let's just say he's terrified of dogs,
but he pretends to like dogs
because he's afraid people might say,
"What? How can you possibly hate dogs?
Are you a psychopath?"
But then you find out his hidden truth.
You know, you're making
even less sense right now, but, okay.
So what?
Is it then better for me
to ignore all of this in him?
Or should I pity him?
Do you want to care
for the dog-hater or choke him?
Care for.
He's cute.
Then play dumb and give him time.
He's probably a bit embarrassed.
He'll be even more
so if you overdo it.
Doong-doong got
a lot of new followers today.
Offline events have a special charm.
Well, I'm glad it's going so well.
Mr. Hwang would've gotten on us
if it had failed.
He showed zero interest in preparing it.
And now, he's sending screenshots
of the new follower account.
I wish he'd actually show up
instead of just sending pictures.
Let me go to the office and check
the schedule of the performances.
Mm-hmm. Ah!
A video call.
Good luck.
Hello, sir. Can you see me?
Jiwoo, isn't it almost lunch time?
What are you doing now?
You can't take that off here.
I'll tell you when
the lunch gets here, okay?
Water, please!
Sorry, but I need
to go to the office.
Cover for me!
Jiwoo.
Could I go with you?
No, it only needs one person to go.
Then let me do it for you.
No, I'll go.
See you, Mr. Jung.
Jeez, you're overcooking the meat.
That's not an air fryer. Give me that.
Jiwoo, over here! Come!
Here, have some crispy meat.
Thank you.
- It's hard as rubber.
- I overcooked it, right?
- Should I order another plate?
- No, it's fine.
Hey, did you see
the Instagram comments about the event?
Yeah.
- They're going crazy!
- Right.
- I told you we should do it.
- Soju, right?
You should listen.
- I think that was a good call, boss.
- Shit!
Good work.
Thanks.
You're actually really good
at grilling meat. Hmm?
I wonder what Jihoo's flaws are.
What do you think, Jiwoo?
You can't cook meat.
- Men should know...
- I wouldn't know.
It's not like we're close.
Women should
be able to cut fruits.
Women must learn to cut fruits
to find a good husband.
So disgusting.
He makes me sick.
- Bye!
- Get home safely.
Good luck with Jihoo!
Goodbye!
Why can't I get a cab around here?
Why do I hear a dog?
Oh my Gosh!
Is that Mr. Jung?
What's wrong?
Do you feel sick?
Are you crying?
No.
Yes, you are.
I... I'm not crying.
Why are you crying?
Well, I like you, but...
I understand if you think I'm disgusting
and sicken you,
but because I was just transferred here,
it's too hard to request another transfer.
I'm very sorry.
You're a crybaby.
I've never told anyone about this
other than Hana.
Okay, who's Hana?
She dumped me for being a pervert.
Mr. Jung,
I didn't avoid you because of that.
I thought you might be uncomfortable
and awkward around me.
So I gave you space.
Until we became comfortable.
So I don't make you sick?
I told you,
I don't really think you're a pervert.
Well, maybe you are a pervert.
Isn't everyone
a little bit perverted in some ways?
Do you know...
how awesome you are?
Me?
Jiwoo, would you...
Do you think you could be my master?
Um, well...
I'm not saying
we should go out just purely.
Be my master.
- M... Master?
- Yes!
It'd be nice to have someone like you
as my master.
No.
All right.
Sorry.
This will never happen again.
But don't you need a designated driver?
Every machine
that you touch breaks.
It's not broken.
I think it's a paper jam.
It's a good thing for us though,
since we got to see you.
Call me over
even if things aren't breaking.
I always ask you to have lunch,
but you say you're too busy.
You're all talk.
You're eyes
are screaming murder.
Jiwoo,
glaring at a guy...
...isn't going to help seduce him.
I'm not trying to seduce him.
Look at them.
You can literally see hearts
in their eyes for him.
Have you considered
being more flirtatious?
I'm gonna get going.
Mr. Jung.
Nice.
Thank you.
Mr. Jung, are you busy?
I need to tell you something right now.
I'll wait in the lounge.
What is it that you
need to tell me here?
Wear this.
- What?
- I don't know about being a master,
but I'm curious.
Put this on.
Am I dreaming?
- But this is so sudden. I... I...
- Forget it if you don't want to.
Don't worry! I never said that.
I'll put it on.
- Uh, but, Jiwoo...
- Shh! Just lie down here.
I wanted to ask you something
after hearing what you said.
What's that?
You said you wanted someone like me
as a master.
What did you mean, "Someone like me?"
I don't think
I've ever met anyone like you.
To be honest,
I had always worried about
what others think.
I act mature so no one hates me
and I look perfect.
But you don't care what others think,
or that people treat you unfairly.
Even when you saw a weirdo like myself,
you were actually so mature.
It wasn't an act. You care.
You made me relax.
We're not close, as you say,
but it's like I was a kid.
I'm sorry, I keep saying things
to make you uncomfortable.
Not at all.
I promise that I'll make sure
I don't cross the line anymore. I mean it.
To be honest with you,
I don't really know anything
about the things you would want.
But I'm...
Well, I'm a really quick learner.
I mean, I'll think it over.
So will you stop avoiding me now?
What?
Uh, of course.
Then slowly count to 30, remove it,
and then go back to your desk.
Thank you, Jiwoo.
You're really the coolest human being
I've ever met.
I said to count to 30.
You're not my master yet, though.
Who are you waiting for like a puppy?
You, ma'am.
Are you using some cheesy line
about sharing an umbrella?
I'm just trying to persuade you.
It's my own way of showing that
I'll serve you well.
And I know why
you're looking at me so closely like that.
Oh yeah?
You always
focus hard on everything
so that you really see it.
Like that.
Fine.
I will be your master.
Follow me closely,
so I don't get wet.
Okay.
Whoa, whoa!
You can't change your mind tomorrow.
DS. Shorthand for
a dominant-submissive relationship.
It refers to a relationship between
one who commands and one who obeys.
Dom, the dominant,
and Sub, the submissive,
can be further categorized
as a Male-Dom, Female-Dom,
Male-Sub, and Female-Sub.
Then
Mr. Jung has to be
a Male
-Sub?
This is a lot.
Congrats to me!
I finally got my first ever master!
Make some noise!
HOW TO BE A GOOD MASTER
SPANKING FEMME FEMME'S BDSM GUIDE
What is the difference
between DS and SM?
DS is more of a psychological game
based on the relationship dynamics.
SM is
more of a physical and sensual play.
Of course,
they're not completely unrelated.
Some couples in a DS relationship
may enjoy SM play.
But most of the time,
they're both separate
from romantic relationships.
Since DS and SM relationships
are based on a clear hierarchy,
whereas in romance, we aim for equality.
But of course,
this doesn't mean it's impossible.
But I think it's hard to juggle
both a romantic relationship
with a DS relationship.
That feels good, Jihoo.
Did your ex-girlfriend
not like it when you did this to her?
She did when she didn't know
I was into BDSM.
She hated it once she knew.
You say you like being hated because
you're a pervert.
Master, I'm sorry I'm late
on your first command.
As your sub, this will never happen.
We need to set some rules.
Establish rules that apply
only to the two of you.
Rules?
First, don't call me master.
I want you to call me "Jiwoo."
- What about "Lady Jiwoo"?
- Call me "Jiwoo."
I'll punish disobedience.
You'll punish me?
Why do you look so excited?
Excited? No, no, no!
Definitely not.
Punish
and compliment him regularly.
I've read the Sub can feel dominated by
simply carrying a gift
they got from their masters.
Jiwoo,
you really studied up on it.
It's good
to put conditions on your orders.
Those glasses are a sign.
If you ever need
my order in the office,
just put them on.
So then,
do you want to stamp it or sign it?
- What?
- Our contract.
Jung Jiwoo,
hereinafter "the Dom,"
must maintain an image of perfection,
that Jung Jihoo,
hereinafter "the Sub", can respect.
Mr. Hwang had spicy pork yesterday,
and you're craving something spicy.
Then we'll get two level-one,
and two level-two
rice cakes and rice balls.
And we'll add one Calpico.
The Sub must try
to serve the Dom
to the best of his abilities.
The contract is effective
for three months from the date of signing.
Neither party may terminate the contract
without the other's consent.
The Dom and Sub will play
at least once a week.
The Dom and Sub
shall establish a safe word to use
during dangerous
or urgent situations during play.
UNDER MAINTENANCE
Once the safe word is said,
play must terminate immediately.
Safe words are usually random words
that you wouldn't use all the time.
And something that's easy to pronounce.
For example, The Sensual M,
or something like soondae soup.
Is there a word you've wanted to use?
I'd like a word that's meaningful
to both of us.
Something meaningful?
Doong-doong?
Sex is permitted upon consent
of both the Dom and Sub.
Uh,
well, I just found
a generic contract online.
I didn't really change much, you know?
Okay, I understand what
you're worried about.
No touching.
I don't have any hidden agendas for you.
JUNG JIHOO
Some places are called hotels
but are worse than motels.
Not that I'm an expert
in motels or anything.
I wonder where the cleanest would be.
- I think there's a nice one over...
- It's here on the app.
Make a right.
Yes.
You mean, you haven't used it yet?
No.
Collars just have
a certain kind of aesthetic, so,
I'm always able to feel satisfaction
just by looking at...
Things are meant to be worn.
During play, it is important
for the Dom to not get flustered.
Because the Dom
must always look perfect to the Sub.
Dog play.
An introduction level,
soft but standard play, in the SM world.
Treat him like you would a real dog.
Hand.
And head.
I'll give you a reward
if you're good and you obey me.
Yes. Anything you say.
Oh?
A dog speaking like a human?
Oh! Ah!
No, no! Stop that!
No, no!
No, no. Stop that! Stop!
And sit!
Sit!
Now down!
Floor!
That's it. Yes. Good boy.
Here.
Oh! Whoa!
No! Stop!
No, stop it! Stop it!
Ow! Ow!
Stop your dog from barking!
How dare
a dog talk back to a human?
Excuse me? Hello?
We received a noise complaint.
Okay, then.
Thank you for your work.
Y... yes. So...
Thank you very much.
"Thank you for your work"?
Did I just say that?
Just say the editing department
put it in by mistake.
Why must we dig into it?
Mr. Hwang,
if we avoid taking responsibility
it might cause bigger problems later.
It's a children's show
with barely average ratings.
Why are you so insistent?
Shouldn't we be more careful
because it's a children's show?
Jiwoo, do you have the documents
from that copyright complaint?
- Please gather them.
- Yes.
Han, book the conference room
for three o'clock.
- Okay.
- We need to resolve this now, Mr. Hwang.
Why do I feel like I was threatened?
Jihoo's impressive.
Mr. Hwang isn't saying a peep.
That felt cathartic.
Right? When I complained to him,
he just ignored me.
I should be better.
The better you do here,
the more he'll try to humiliate you
just because you're a woman.
Jiwoo, when can I expect
the budget for the festival?
I put it there earlier.
Didn't you think to tell me
so that I'd know?
These brats have no respect
for their boss.
Ugh! My life sucks.
Jiwoo, aren't you going home?
Mr. Jung,
were you hurt yesterday?
I should've been more prepared. I'm sorry.
If you feel bad about it,
then please let me plan
the next one for us.
I hope you enjoy it.
♪ Happy Birthday to... ♪
You were supposed to wait for the song.
Today is not my birthday.
I know, it's tomorrow.
I saw it on KakaoTalk.
We'll probably celebrate at the office,
but I wanted to be
the first one to say it to you.
Ma...
Master.
Happy birthday.
Let me do this one.
They are so...
They look so pretty.
Thank you, but I feel bad.
I don't think I've done nearly enough
to deserve this yet.
I messed up last time.
What do you mean?
You're just like the sun to me, Jiwoo.
I'm just very grateful that
you were even born in my lifetime.
Well then, thank you.
So, should I step on you?
Uh...
It wasn't as if
I was expecting that, but...
You weren't expecting it,
but you looked quite prepared for it.
No, I... I, uh...
I've always dreamed about it,
so I instinctively...
Dreamed about it?
I mean, it's nothing
to get all weirded out by really. Uh...
Well, it's... it's a bit like that,
but what I mean is...
Shh!
It should be somewhere
no one else can see.
Does it hurt much?
It's killing me.
Want me to stop?
I'm so happy...
...it's you.
I'm usually competitive,
so I like to win.
Even with the little things,
I hate looking easy
or losing to guys who act tough.
I think I didn't want others
to find out that I was weak.
When I'm a total mess on the inside.
That's why I like the feeling
of everything crumbling down.
I like failing and being stomped on.
I like being broken.
Only by you.
Seduce him.
So it's a done deal.
He even gave you a birthday present.
It's obvious.
He shared a secret with you,
whatever it is.
And you're working on a project together.
Ask him to dinner. No, drinks.
That, uh, may be construed
as an abuse of power.
He's an assistant manager,
you're a subordinate,
what are you worried about?
Well,
regardless, I think we should keep
our private lives separate from work.
Don't be jealous, Pippi. Stop.
Stop it. Hush!
He's so loud.
You're really old-fashioned.
Well, do as you wish.
Are you going on a date?
Yes, something like that.
A professional office romance?
Won't be that easy.
Make the font bigger when
you make handouts for weekly meetings.
What's this?
Do you not want me
to see it or what?
Just kidding. Come on.
No, seriously.
Ah, so Han, everyone's in a good mood.
Why not introduce yourself?
Yes, sir.
Uh, hello.
I'm Lee Han, I just got promoted
to a full-time employee here.
I promise to give it my all!
Applause.
Nice.
I think Han might need a mentor, you know,
to teach him the ropes around here.
Jiwoo can do it.
Jiwoo.
But she has a heavy workload this month.
What about Soyeon?
Ah!
Jiwoo always does a great job.
Han, you can survive anywhere
if you learn from her.
- Yes, sir.
- Uh-huh.
First, check the list
of Toi merchandise.
After that, forward the proposal
that we sent to the printers,
to the planning team.
And then, update the distributors list.
Your legs.
Update the list.
Jiwoo.
Sorry, but the formula,
it's not working in Excel.
I hope you're not just saying that
after trying it only once.
Jiwoo.
What was the third thing
you told me to do yesterday?
You should record it from now on
if you can't remember.
How could you send the report
in a group email?
Do you think the CEO needs to read
your minutes from the meeting?
- Look. You see this file?
- Yes.
You have to stick it in here.
We checked the revisions
for the dubbing and now it's all ready.
I'll send the production sheet
and message the recording studio.
Okay, let's not try
to fix it again and again.
We don't have enough time for that.
Okay,
I'll be sure to send a follow-up.
Please stop that.
Hi.
It's tough, right?
You can ask me
if you have any questions.
What?
Oh! No, I'm okay. Really.
Everyone is worried about me
and says Jiwoo is scary.
But that's good. I love that.
You love what?
She tells it how it is.
Nothing with her is sugarcoated.
When she sounds scary,
it's kind of,
sexy in a way.
What did you say?
Well, I see.
- Excuse me.
- Sure.
Okay, I'll be there in a minute.
Speaking of, I have to go
to a meeting with Jiwoo. I'll let you go.
- Get back safe.
- Okay.
Jiwoo,
stop by the office before you go home.
Mr. Jung?
I sent it by mistake.
What was?
The. Group. E. Mail.
You can just resend it then.
Is that really all?
You're not my subordinate, are you?
But I belong to you, not him!
Mr. Jung, are you nervous right now?
I mean, you're clearly good at it.
But you act like Hans' master.
Well, this just won't do.
Initiating
and executing a perfect play
in an unexpected situation
without the help of toys,
is the true duty
and qualification of a Dom.
Sit there.
Undo your belt.
You can always take off your glasses
to stop this.
Take it off.
It's thicker than I expected.
Mr. Jung,
you need to separate
your private life from work.
You imagine these scenarios
and get jealous.
How come you have
no faith in your master?
Please, just hit me for real.
What I did was wrong,
so you can hit me for real.
It's humiliating,
but still punish me.
If you can't hit me,
you should step on me or curse at me.
I want you to
at least curse at me.
You little bitch.
What?
What are you staring at, asshole?
How dare you look at me like that?
Look down.
You can't even fix a stupid coffee maker?
Is there anything you can do right?
Is it because of your male ego?
I'm sorry, Jiwoo.
I'm very sorry.
- No way. Come with me.
- Wha... Wait!
Can you do anything right?
Is it too hard to review
the budget after I submit it? Is it?
If you're going
to kill our efficiency like that,
at least be polite and smile,
you ugly, stupid, little cockroach.
Yes, I'm not even worthy of a cockroach.
Why does
this damn copier keep breaking?
You fucking asshole! Redo it!
Do you really think there's time
to write everything down?
Just memorize it!
You're so frustrating, you stupid dumbass!
Yes, I'm a stupid dumbass!
And what is wrong with your finger?
Why the hell do you have
to keep sending group emails?
I'm sorry! Teach me one more ti...
Again? How many times must I teach you?
All you have to do
is just think twice before you send it.
Is that so hard?
- Shithead!
- Damn it!
- I'm sorry.
You piss me off like this back scratcher.
You piece of shit.
You ugly runt.
You make me sick.
And your dick is so tiny that
it's smaller than a chihuahua's.
I'm a thousand times better at this job
than you are! Shit!
Jiwoo.
Is someone still here?
How was that?
I liked it.
Me too.
I got all excited.
Psychological restriction
is just as important as physical SM play.
You may want to strengthen the DS bond
through simple daily reports.
MR. JUNG JIHOO
I had a cherry tomato salad,
bread, and apple-kale juice.
Have you had breakfast?
See you at the office.
Yes, Master.
I mean Jiwoo.
- Mr. Jung.
- See you at the office.
You'll lose weight
if you keep doing that.
Oh. Then...
- Enjoy.
- You too.
Ah! I can clearly see that you're starting
to appreciate a good soup.
Why are you taking
a picture of your lunch?
Instagram?
Personal trainer.
- Uh...
- Checks what I eat.
Mm-mm.
Tell me,
was someone here last night?
I heard the office was a mess.
Really?
Broke my back scratcher.
MEOW BACK SCRATCHER
What is this?
You know what you did wrong, don't you?
No, I guess I don't.
No? Then I'll tell you.
HANA
Do you still keep in touch?
What?
Isn't that your ex-girlfriend?
The one you told me about
while bawling.
It's not that we keep in touch.
She really hates my guts.
Why does she hate you after dumping you?
I mean, I get it.
I was acting selfishly
by telling her the truth.
Since I knew
it would've only made me feel better.
Do you really enjoy
all this pain and suffering?
It hurts...
but I still feel so alive, you know?
I don't get it.
It's understandable.
I mean, if it makes
the person you like feel more alive,
why can't you do
it for them, you know?
It's not like it's anything bad.
But I don't want to force it.
That's why I'm so
happy that I have you.
You seem to enjoy DS more
and more too.
Thank you again for today.
I should go get cleaned up.
I can't believe
the things I did.
But I can't forget about it either.
The more I enjoy playing with him,
the more I wonder
what we are outside of it.
Is it normal to play this rough
without it leading to sex?
I'M HOME. WASHED UP AND IN BED NOW.
GOING TO WATCH TV AND SLEEP. GOOD NIGHT.
I can't tell you what's normal
and what's not.
There are many couples
who have consensual sex,
but as you know,
it's all on a case-by-case basis.
What do you want?
You should tell yourself that.
Hey, Woohyuk!
Hi there.
Why are you alone today?
Where's your boss?
Uh...
So she said she has a date
and she'll be late.
That's right,
something about a botanical garden?
She's busy every weekend, huh?
She says she has no boyfriend,
but she's always going on dates.
Then why don't you
both go on a date?
Uh... I didn't... No, I... I don't...
It's not like that.
Are you up for a morning run?
What a good hobby.
Hyemi won't know if you don't tell her.
Well, it's still a secret.
- See ya.
- Bye.
Come on.
HANA
Hmm. Hana.
Jihoo, stop pretending to be so busy.
I'm not, our timing is just off.
What do you need?
I'm in your neighborhood.
My stomach hurts.
Buy me noodle soup.
I'm getting ready to go out right now.
I have some plans.
Sorry.
Hana,
let's talk some other time.
I'm hanging up now.
Oh, is that right?
Okay.
He's such an asshole.
ARBORETUM
Maybe it's this nice weather?
There sure seems to
be a lot of couples.
Yeah, it does.
I bet people see
us as a couple too.
No way.
We're simply here to play a little.
But, uh, then...
I order you
to stay next to me all day long.
What? Even out there, you mean?
Yeah.
No matter what.
By my side until we return.
No matter...
Okay, Jiwoo.
In that case...
I... I'm so sorry.
I can wear it by myself.
Are you sure you're okay, Jiwoo?
Don't talk back to me.
I'm only trying to be fair.
PENGUIN, I'M AT THE PARKING LOT
BE THERE SOON
Well.
Would you look at that.
I'll get off. I'll get off here.
Caught you red-handed, Jiwoo. Ha!
Oh, Oh!
She goes on a date
and can't even answer her phone.
Ms. Penguin?
Hi.
Here are your two Iced Americanos.
This is for you,
and bacon sandwich for you, sir.
Be strong.
What?
I said, "Be strong."
Oh.
I appreciate it.
We got this!
Why don't you come sit next to me?
Oh, right.
Okay, calm down.
It's okay, I can do it myself.
We have no choice.
Ah, open.
Ah.
Did you see them?
Don't look.
Are you jealous?
Thank you.
- Are you crazy?
- I'll feed you too.
- No way!
- Come on.
- Stop. I said stop.
- Open wide.
Just eat.
Wow.
She wiped his mouth.
Mr. Jung.
I wanted to ask you something.
What is it, Jiwoo?
Wow.
Wow, not bad.
Wow. What an interesting place, huh?
Oh, what? Wait. Hold on.
Wh... why are you taking off your clothes?
Don't be coy.
I know you're excited too.
Well, we didn't agree to do this.
You like being forced, don't you?
Or you want me to hit you first?
So...
I like you, Mr. Jung.
Rather than being colleagues or partners...
should we date?
Let's go out.
Let's try it.
That's an order.
So I...
Sorry!
Ow!
Are you okay? Your... your head!
Are you okay? I'll wipe that!
What is that?
- Oh, they're wearing handcuffs.
- Are those handcuffs.
- What's going on?
- Why don't we get a pair too?
- Come on, let's do it.
- Yeah, let's do it!
Stop, General,
I mean, master.
I've prepared something.
Oh, well, you didn't need to.
Ta-da.
Bondage. We can use it in bed.
This isn't what I imagined.
Let's go and take this off first.
No.
We'll try it again in a safer setting.
Let's just take it off for now.
It's not that.
No, Jiwoo. I...
I don't think we should date.
I'm sorry.
Hyemi?
It's fate that we met
in the Paju SM Theme Motel, in Room 506.
We can't just wing our first ever play.
Even if I'm the Sub,
don't you think a rape play is too much
when we've only just met?
It's not like you're a rapist
or a fake BDSMer, right?
So, what do you want, huh?
Hyemi? What are you talking about?
Where are you?
Hyemi!
Hey, what is this?
Paju SM, Room 506!
We have to go and help her now!
- What?
- Son of a bitch!
Be careful.
No, the key!
Jiwoo, we need to leave first.
It's close. Make a right soon.
Hyemi, are you okay?
It's Jiwoo!
Are you inside?
Hyemi!
You're too late.
See?
If you're gonna join them,
you have to pay extra, okay?
Are you okay?
Did I scare you?
You totally got me now.
Uh, I'll explain later.
- Let's go.
- Don't you think we should call the cops?
Hold on.
Just because I'm a pervert,
doesn't give you the right to mistreat me.
And by the way,
I got a picture of you all tied,
so don't even bother trying anything.
Mmm! Shit! That fucking perv.
When I posted online,
I literally got more than 50 requests.
Half of them are total idiots
who basically would message
any girl with tits.
The others didn't care what I wanted.
They just sent me pictures
of their dick right away!
You know what pisses me off even more?
That I know there's no use
going to the police for this shit.
And I didn't take
that jerks picture back there.
Why not?
Because...
...then I'd be
no better than those assholes.
I hear there are a lot of fake Doms
who only care about having sex right away.
Those freaking assholes.
They probably
don't even know anything about DS.
Huh?
So you're the dog-hater then?
What?
It's nice to meet you.
He's very cute.
- Jeez, eyes forward when you drive, okay?
- Oh, yes, ma'am.
Yeah.
Right.
He is cute.
Let's go out.
That's an order.
No, Jiwoo. I...
I don't think we should date.
I'm sorry.
WHAT I SAID EARLIER
MR. JUNG
Crazy bitch.
ONE WEEK BEFORE CONTRACT EXPIRATION
Hey, Jihoo. Stop!
What kind of crazy bullshit
are you saying?
Well,
we bite
and hit each other once in a while.
And so, it's like that, you know?
You like it too, I think.
That's just me showing affection.
It's totally different
from doing sex stuff.
What?
I think maybe you should see a therapist.
Were you abused as a kid?
No, this is just who I am.
I thought a lot about this
because I wanted
to be completely honest with you now.
Honest?
Then what was everything
you've done with me?
Was that all a lie?
So this whole time, you weren't excited,
but you forced yourself? Is that it?
I didn't force myself, Hana.
You never should've told me.
You're disgusting.
Hmm.
I can understand where he's coming from.
Some people do end up dating
their Dom/Sub partner.
Sounds great, right?
But it's not as easy as you think.
Commanding and obeying is love too.
But you can't base love on that alone.
I know.
And you know the thing that's
the most humiliating?
The absolute confidence I had.
Sure.
Because I was certain he would say yes.
Because he liked obeying me.
I'm just like those fake Doms.
- Boss.
- Hmm?
This will make sure
it doesn't scar.
You know.
Hey, don't hit on me.
If I were to go out with you at my age...
I would love it.
Gosh.
It doesn't have to be me,
but please don't go out with those freaks.
All sorts of freaks
are fine but not you.
Don't argue with me.
Go. Go on.
Go, go, go, go!
And you're not a fake.
At least you really tried, right?
Thank you for putting in so much thought
into the small budget project.
I really appreciate it.
No, don't mention it.
Not like we're at different companies.
We need each other.
Mr. Jung, keep following up, okay?
- Yes, sir.
- Good.
Hey,
what brand are your glasses?
Can I try them on?
Okay. Forget it then.
I only asked you
because I need to buy new ones.
- Gosh, even I feel awkward.
- No, sir. I...
I just always have to keep my glasses on.
They're like my lucky charm.
You're a lot more superstitious
than I expected, aren't you?
Wow, I like this human side of you.
Be understanding, Ms. Choi.
Jiwoo.
Is there anything wrong?
What?
Uh, no.
I drank too much last night.
Even my gallbladder hurts
so much right now.
What was that?
Are things awkward right now?
I thought you guys
were getting along so well.
- Goodbye!
- Let's go to the lamb place.
- Yes!
- Or do you want something else?
- No, that's fine.
Thank you very much.
Have a great weekend.
Thank you, you too.
Mr. Jung.
Yeah?
Have a nice weekend.
We'll do our final play tomorrow
as discussed.
Oh.
Bondage
is the epitome of SM play.
It has a higher level of difficulty
because you must consider
the quality of the rope,
how tight to tie it,
which knots to make, and so on.
The person who is tied up feels euphoric
and free from the tingliness that comes
from the restriction of blood flow.
Feeling free from
the moment they are bound
is the paradox of pain.
Because of it's high level of difficulty,
it's hard to predict the results.
You idiot,
you don't even ask, "Who is it?"
Are you drunk, Hana?
You should've called first.
You didn't pick up.
Not today.
My boyfriend and I broke up.
Did you fight again?
My friends won't listen
to me talk about this anymore.
I feel I can
talk to you, though, right?
Hana, I can listen to you.
But not now.
Because
you know deep down that you owe me.
Because, you know
that you can never really
pay me back for this.
You're so obvious.
Listen,
I'm sorry about everything,
but not today...
You're disgusting.
You can't just do that.
You have no right to look put out.
I can't do it.
Seeing you live a normal life
like everything's fine annoys me.
How can I possibly live normally?
You've burned me so bad
I'm scared to do anything, let alone date.
I can't either.
I'm scared to go out with a guy
because of you too.
Shit. Can't you imagine
how much you hurt me?
Well, I was hurt too, Hana.
You may not understand at all,
but for me to never be accepted
for who I was not for a moment...
that hurt too.
And now I'm realizing that...
there might not be anything wrong with me.
JUNG JIWOO
I'll leave.
But I can promise you this one thing.
You'll never be able to love anyone
because you won't give up anything.
And, so in the
end, you're all you've got.
You saw her, didn't you?
Hana.
Are you back together with her?
No, of course not.
She still hates me.
You don't hate someone
if you don't like them.
Does that hurt?
Say the word.
I can do much more than that.
Since this is our final play,
let's have no regrets tonight.
Stop it, Jihoo!
Sorry, but I don't
think I can do this.
I don't even know what I'm doing anymore.
I'm sorry.
What are you sorry for?
Jiwoo.
Do you know why Mercury
is small and black?
It's too close to the Sun.
So it shriveled up and burned.
I like warmth...
but I'm always afraid of getting burned.
Because...
you're my sun.
The first that I've ever met.
The one and only.
Let's end the final play here.
We have one less mouth to feed.
Jiwoo actually took a sick day.
So she is human after all.
I thought she was a robot.
Iced Americano.
Thank you, Han.
- Put it on my desk.
- Yes, sir.
Sir Jung, you're not wearing them today?
Hmm?
Your glasses. You know,
your precious good luck charm.
I'm jealous that you have something
so important to you.
Why'd you make me porridge?
You didn't have to.
It's store bought.
Okay. It tastes good.
Eat up, and go back to sleep.
What now? What?
I didn't say anything.
It's with your eyes.
They say we don't have any control
over our hearts, you know?
Don't kick yourself, okay?
Goodness!
Jeez.
I think I might have complicated
Jiwoo's entire life.
She's just a normal person.
I shouldn't have asked her to do that.
What an overinflated ego.
That was all Jiwoo's choice.
Do you know how
hard she thought about it?
She refused to ask
you to have a beer
because she was afraid
it would be an abuse of work power.
Seriously,
she's so old-fashioned.
She was cool from the get-go.
That's what attracted me to her, you know?
Is that as a man talking or BDSMer?
At first, I was sure, but...
- Uh-huh?
- But now, I can't differentiate.
I'm really pathetic, aren't I?
You are.
I'm a mess too.
And yet, so are you.
Does anything get better
if you hate yourself day in, day out?
If you have that time,
try taking responsibility
for your feelings.
Okay.
What?
Jiwoo, be careful.
There are many people in this world
who wouldn't understand.
ATTACHMENTS 1
UNTITLED01.M4A
Sit there.
Undo your belt.
It's thicker than I expected.
What?
Sit there.
EMAIL RECIPIENTS
UNTITLED01.M4A
You always acted all high
and mighty, thinking you're better,
smarter than everyone else.
But what's this?
What are you gonna do now?
Answer me!
That bastard Han
isn't coming in, huh? Did he quit?
- And why isn't Mr. Jung here yet?
- He's here.
What's going on?
- Go to the conference room.
- Nothing's been confirmed. Okay.
People keep posting
on the anonymous forum.
Send out a notice.
Anyone who shares it will be punished.
- Yes, ma'am.
How humiliating.
The PR team of all places.
Come inside.
I HEARD ABOUT IT.
WHO WOULD'VE THOUGHT?
I MEAN, FREEDOM OF CHOICE,
BUT AT THE LOUNGE OF ALL PLACES?
I guess Jung Jiwoo,
that woman can't work here anymore.
Who do you think is the perv,
him or her?
The woman follows the man's lead.
How could you like being hit?
Do they get off on the pain?
Do you want to know?
Want me to hit you too?
Shut it,
or you'll get belt-whipped too.
HIT ME HOT AND SEXY.
YOU ARE DIRTY.
MR. JUNG JIHOO
The person
you're trying to reach
can't come to the phone right now.
Please try again later.
I'm Jiwoo's colleague. Her phone
is sending me straight to voicemail.
Are you just a colleague?
What?
If you are, then she would've answered.
If it weren't for me,
you wouldn't be going through
this pain and humiliation, Master.
It's all my fault.
Even as I blame myself like this,
when I think about the fact that
people found out about my deepest secret,
I just want to run away
and hide somewhere.
I'm really pathetic, aren't I?
Jiwoo.
We'll begin
the disciplinary hearing.
Sit there.
Undo your belt.
Take it off.
It's thicker than I expected.
Please, just hit me for real.
Enough.
What exactly...
is your relationship?
Why were you taking off your clothes
and then hitting each other at the office?
The problem was that we broke the rules
regarding the place of business.
It's not about our personal lives.
We have to investigate
that personal life to know exactly what
and how much you've violated.
We're not a regular company!
What if it gets posted
on a forum for moms?
Jiwoo...
I guess you're dominant at night then?
Was that funny?
Just be honest with us.
We don't want to make this
a bigger deal than it needs to be, either.
We'll just say in our report
that a young man
and a woman in a relationship
got carried away.
Yes. Why don't you pursue
a cleaner relationship now?
Or is that not exciting enough, Jihoo?
Well, sure, it might feel like
too much to actually date.
They could've been
a friends with benefits situation.
True.
Well,
It's exciting the first few times
to listen to a woman ordering you around,
but if that continues,
it will only degrade the man...
You do realize that your comments
can be quite problematic
to many people, right?
My gosh,
you really are as amazing as I've heard.
You didn't do anything more than that
in the employee lounge, did you?
Yes, let's make that clear.
Did you or no?
You'll regret
what you're saying right now.
- I don't like...
- That's enough!
I kept asking her to punish me.
Jiwoo did nothing wrong.
We'll be the ones who decide
whether or not she did something wrong.
Anyway, all this started
with your talk of tendencies, right?
Yes. I'm the type of person that likes
being ordered around and stepped on.
This all happened because of me,
so stop with your debates.
Mr. Jung, Doong-doong.
Respectfully,
I'm not listening to you today.
- What was that?
- Doong-doong.
Doong-doong? Is that a code?
Whatever.
Let's get this straight,
Mr. Jung has
no romantic feelings for Jiwoo.
You just like being stepped on.
So, Jiwoo, do you like Mr. Jung
or do you just like hitting him?
Let's make this clear.
No, sir. I...
want Jiwoo.
Mr. Jung, you really shouldn't be say...
I actually like her,
and I do want to go out with her.
So I don't want to just sit here
and listen to this.
So he does like her.
Still, you need to be disciplined.
Whether you discipline me or fire me,
It's important I say this.
Yeah, sure, whatever. I'm a freak
and I ended up causing this mess.
But Jiwoo is different.
To be honest, everyone here other than her
seems like a total nut job.
Jiwoo was carrying out the task
I asked of her fully and responsibly.
She's amazing and capable.
That's why I fell for her.
Is that so wrong?
Is that a rule too?
You're the ones overstepping boundaries
left and right, acting rude to our face!
You should be ashamed of yourselves!
Jiwoo...
I know I have
the worst timing as usual...
but I like you.
Forget the contract
and disciplinary action.
As a colleague,
a human being, and a man,
I respect and like you.
I like you even more than
you can ever imagine.
So much.
Shh!
It's still public indecency!
Okay. Well then,
I guess we've been indecent.
We'll be indecent only outside
of the office.
No more questions, right?
And no regrets, I hope.
You didn't have to go that far.
You're cool when you're tough,
and pretty when you smile.
You're just so perfect, Jiwoo!
Am I not pretty if I don't smile?
Are you kidding me right now?
How could you not be pretty?
You're so frustrating.
You've become very arrogant
now that our contract is over.
Maybe we should renew it?
You don't have to do anything
if it's too hard for you.
There you go again.
Don't be making assumptions.
I always like doing things
that push my boundaries.
And it was kind of fun.
Let's do both.
- DS.
- And dating?
Let's rewrite the contract,
so Mercury won't get burned.
This makes it worth getting fired.
We still have to see
whether or not we are.
What?
ANONYMOUS
Mr. Hwang,
when are we going away together?
Mmm,
you don't need to call me "Mister."
You know my wife
has been sensitive lately.
Wanna take a business trip to Busan
and get mackerel sashimi, baby?
You've got to be kidding me.
Sir, I'll get
the hottest girls around the entire of...
Hey, what was that?
It was sent in a group chat.
In a group chat? Are you crazy? Wh...
Han, Jiwoo wants to see you.
Oh, okay.
I'm sure we weren't
the only ones being recorded that day.
Please, just hit me for real.
No way. Come with me.
Mr. Hwang,
when are we going away together?
I'm terribly sorry
for what I put you through,
but I'm worried that I'll get in trouble.
Aren't you going to quit anyway?
Then help me.
Suspension?
They get paid
during suspension?
They'll cover this up...
JUNG JIHOO
SIX-MONTH SUSPENSION
JUNG JIWOO
THREE-MONTH PAY CUT
We lost
too many people all at once.
Take charge of the events on-site
for the time being.
That's your punishment.
Okay.
Or are you going to quit
because it's a lot of work?
I might.
Okay.
No relationship
is perfectly equal in this world.
- Probably.
- Coming.
But we can try to be as equal as we can
until our dying breath.
You like it?
Going on another date?
I'll go out with
you after I close up.
- Oh!
- No, no, James.
- Stop it.
- Hyemi!
Hyemi? I'm your boss, huh?
Dom or Sub,
S or M, we're all searching for someone
who will accept us as we are
behind the mask.
The unique love that you may find
if you don't give up.
If you meet someone like that,
it may be worth enduring
a little change in your life.
Is it really your wish to be bit?
Well, kissing, hugging,
I like all of that, you know?
But I like moving very slowly,
one base at a time. Slowly.
So I'm guessing, what?
This is first base for you?
Yes.
Oh.
Jiwoo.
We decided to try
a romantic DS relationship
I wanted to let you know,
Femme Femme.
Thank you.
Congratulations
on meeting someone like that.
I wish you luck
on your DS relationship
as well as your love.
You're cute normally too,
but I think you're even cuter
when you're tied up like this.
Then you should
keep tying me up like this.
I'll have to see about that.
But today, I won't untie you
until I'm more than satisfied.
Okay, trying to take the easy way out?